feat: add Lines.apply_seasonal_rating helper (closes #1693) (#1694)
PyPSA/PyPSA: docs/user-guide/seasonal-line-ratings.md

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: PyPSA Contributors

SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0
-->

# Seasonal Line Ratings

> Transmission lines have different thermal capacities in summer and winter, because conductor ampacity is cooling-limited. TenneT, RTE, National Grid, and CAISO all publish per-line summer / winter ratings derived from IEEE 738 / IEC 61597 conductor models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transmission lines have different thermal capacities in summer and winter, because conductor ampacity is cooling-limited. Grid operators usually publish per-line summer / winter ratings, often derived from IEEE conductor models.
```

> The [`Lines.apply_seasonal_rating`][pypsa.components._types.lines.Lines.apply_seasonal_rating] method broadcasts a per-line `(summer, winter)` rating table onto `n.lines.s_nom` and `n.lines_t.s_max_pu` so the seasonal envelope is visible to the optimiser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Lines.apply_seasonal_rating`][pypsa.components._types.lines.Lines.apply_seasonal_rating] method broadcasts a per-line `(summer, winter)` scaling to `n.lines_t.s_max_pu` to properly reflect on the two seasonal operation modes.
```

## When to use it

- A TSO publishes per-line summer / winter MVA ratings and you want them in the dispatch problem.
- You already model an N-1 margin via `n.lines.s_max_pu` and want to compose a seasonal factor on top of it.
- You want a small, dependency-free utility, not a JAO loader or DLR engine.

> ## Minimal example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As illustrated below, use the function in an already initialized network with date-time indexed snapshots. 
```

```python
n.lines.at["a-b", "s_max_pu"] = 0.9   # static N-1 margin
n.c.lines.apply_seasonal_rating(ratings, compose=True)

# Summer hour:  0.9 * 0.8 = 0.72
# Winter hour:  0.9 * 1.0 = 0.9
```

Pre-existing dynamic series in `n.lines_t.s_max_pu` compose element-wise. Pass `compose=False` to overwrite instead.

## Southern hemisphere

The default `summer_months=(4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9)` is northern-hemisphere. Override for SH networks:

```python
n.c.lines.apply_seasonal_rating(
    ratings, summer_months=(10, 11, 12, 1, 2, 3),
)
```

## Convention: summer is the lower rating

The method treats `min(summer, winter)` as the derating factor regardless of which column is smaller, so data that flips the convention still works. But the published-TSO convention is **summer = lower rating** (warmer ambient air, lower cooling, lower ampacity). Stick to it unless you have a specific reason.

## Out of scope

The method is intentionally policy-light:

- It does not load JAO / TenneT / RTE feeds; the caller assembles `ratings`.
- It does not detect grid upgrades or replace ratings when a line is reinforced.
- It does not implement dynamic line rating (DLR) from weather time series.

> These belong upstream of the method. Pass in whatever rating table your data pipeline produces.

Reviewer: remove that section
